Task:
Introduction:



As a competent programmer, your understanding of control structures, 
your ability to design and develop algorithms, and your proficient use 
of data structures will help you design and develop applications to meet 
customer requirements. You will need to develop a Java application to 
meet the requirements of this assignment. It is recommended that you use 
NetBeans (see web link below for download) to develop this.

You will use the following scenario to complete the task:

Your client is a real estate office manager who needs to run reports on 
property listings. You will build two applications that will provide two 
different reports. One report is focused on the amount of property an 
agent is selling. The other report provides an overview of the types of 
property for sale.

Your listings file will contain property number, property type, price, 
and agent id.

Task:

Note: You will submit all .java and .class files in one zipped folder. 
If you developed this application using NetBeans, it is recommended that 
you zip and submit the entire NetBeans project folder.




A. Develop an application that reads your listings.txt file, analyzes 
the property listed per agent, and outputs a report to an 
agentreport.txt file. Your application should do the following:

1. Prompt the user for the name of the input file (listings.txt).

2. Open listings.txt file and read in property listings.

3. Store each property type into a Set.

a. Convert property type to upper case before adding to your Set using 
method(s) from String class.

b. Sort your Set of property types alphabetically.

4. Use a Map to calculate total property listed in dollars and cents for 
each agent id.




Note: Agent id would be the key, and accumulated total of property 
listed would be the value.




• Sort your Map by agent id.

• Create an agentreport.txt file.

5. Use an Iterator to iterate through your Set and write your sorted set 
of property types sold by the agents to the agentreport.txt file.

6. Iterate through your Map to write your sorted pair of agent id and 
total property listed to the agentreport.txt file.





B. Develop an application that reads your listings.txt file, analyzes 
the properties listed, and outputs an overview of properties listed to 
an overview.txt file. Your application should do the following:

1. Prompt the user for the name of the input file (listings.txt).

2. Open the listings.txt file and read in property listing information 
using a buffered FileReader.

3. Count the total number of property listings for sale.

• Use buffered FileWriter to write the count of the number of property 
listings to your overview.txt file.

4. Calculate the total value of property for sale.

• Use a buffered FileWriter to write the total value of properties 
currently for sale.

5. Store each property id into an ArrayList.

a. Sort the ArrayList of property ids using natural ordering.

b. Use a for-each loop to iterate through the sorted ArrayList and write 
property ids to overview.txt file using buffered FileWriter.

6. Use buffered FileWriter to write the total value of the properties 
listed and the total number of properties currently for sale.





Note: For examples, see the document “Example Files” attached below.





C. If you use sources, include all in-text citations and references in 
APA format.





Note: Please save word-processing documents as *.rtf (Rich Text Format) 
or *.pdf (Portable Document Format) files.



Note: When bulleted points are present in the task prompt, the level of 
detail or support called for in the rubric refers to those bulleted points.


Note: For definitions of terms commonly used in the rubric, see the 
Rubric Terms web link included in the Evaluation Procedures section.




Note: When using sources to support ideas and elements in a paper or 
project, the submission MUST include APA formatted in-text citations 
with a corresponding reference list for any direct quotes or 
paraphrasing. It is not necessary to list sources that were consulted if 
they have not been quoted or paraphrased in the text of the paper or 
project.

Note: No more than a combined total of 30% of a submission can be 
directly quoted or closely paraphrased from sources, even if cited 
correctly. For tips on using APA style, please refer to the APA Handout 
web link included in the General Instructions section.


Please see attachment for sample files.